Today's statement basically says, a
question for the most servile and
shameful community on the internet.  It's not embarrassing
and lazy to be lied to day in and day out,
and you just stand there with your mouth wide
open, waiting for someone to spit in
it.  Well, the statement is very
nice, apart from being explicit, isn't it?  A
mythomaniac is a mythomaniac and don't expect
anything else.  It's pathological, nothing more.  And
then he shows this document where they
cancel the situation they had on
Friday to hand over the dog, which is
something.  The people who are understanding here
because of course, she says there is a
mythomania there, she says that there has been lying,
right?  Over here we see La Serlén, how could we
not?  Once again we were right, and Dala,
his dog, the rapper from A Coruña, no
wonder.  How must it feel to never be
right?  Yesterday we saw a video of you,
you were claiming that what
Dallas said was true.  We saw it here yesterday,
okay?  The canine.  The
execution that forced Miare's father
to hand over the dog is void.  Pablo Franco and Javi
Oliveira maintained that the surrender was
continuing.  All false.  Joan Planas releases a
statement.  We will meet.  Joan Planas two
points.  Javi Oliveira, man, you look terrible,
Joan.  I mean, you look absolutely awful.
I've put it on Twitter before.  You're about to
lose another decision about
wearing a purple t-shirt and going to
feminist demonstrations, man.  I mean,
I'm telling you that you're stupid, obtuse, a
liar, and all the other things we already
demonstrated in that game over that
everyone saw, right?  That's the
real Joan Plana.  But the thing about you not
knowing how to read, that's something new to me, huh?
Here we see Joan Plana saying, "If
you are a feminist you are not intelligent."  That they
come out two days before and tell you, "
Justice has ruled in our favor, we have been
acquitted, and then you see the verdict and
justice doesn't rule in her favor and she is
convicted, makes you believe again that she doesn't
have to return the dog. It doesn't make you
believe these people again.